README.md, before:

# zkSync-projects
A collection of projects that support zkSync L2 scaling solution for Ethereum

Feel free to contribute!


## Projects

- [zkSync Wallet](https://wallet.zksync.io/) - zkSync Wallet
- [zkLink](https://link.zksync.io/) - Create zkSync payment links
- [zkScan](https://zkscan.io/) - zkSync Block Explorer
- [zkCheckout SDK](https://www.npmjs.com/package/zksync-checkout) - A wrapper around zksync library that helps to create and process payments.
- [zkSync Mint](https://mint.zksync.dev/) - zkSync Minting tool
- [zkSync Totorials](https://zksync.io/faq/tutorials.html) - zkSync Totorials
- [ZigZag Exchange](https://info.zigzag.exchange/) - A Decentralized Exchange Powered by zkSync
- [Argent Wallet](https://www.argent.xyz/) - Layer 2 Wallet built on zkSync
- [zkNFT](https://zknft.xyz) - Mint, explore, and swap NFTs on zkSync 
- [Gitcoin](https://gitcoin.co/) - Fund projects on Gitcoin with zkSync
- [Curve + zkSync](https://zksync.curve.fi/) - Curve is an exchange liquidity pool on Ethereum
- [Numio Wallet](https://www.numio.one/) - Layer 2 Wallet built on zkSync
- [zkSync Dashboard](https://dune.xyz/Marcov/zkSync) - zkSync Dashboard
- [Ramp](https://ramp.network/buy/) - Buy crypto directly to zkSync L2 Wallet (Avoid L1 bridging fees)
- [Storj](https://www.storj.io/) - Decentralized Cloud Storage, Storj use zkSync for host payments


##

Want to buy me a coffee? zkSync wallet 0x64E25193092C0EAD1d83c6F85C558A282a24460c

Commit message:

Added OpenSky and Mute.io

README.md, after:

# zkSync-projects
A collection of projects that support zkSync L2 scaling solution for Ethereum

Feel free to contribute!


## Projects

- [zkSync Wallet](https://wallet.zksync.io/) - zkSync Wallet
- [zkLink](https://link.zksync.io/) - Create zkSync payment links
- [zkScan](https://zkscan.io/) - zkSync Block Explorer
- [zkCheckout SDK](https://www.npmjs.com/package/zksync-checkout) - A wrapper around zksync library that helps to create and process payments.
- [zkSync Mint](https://mint.zksync.dev/) - zkSync Minting tool
- [zkSync Totorials](https://zksync.io/faq/tutorials.html) - zkSync Totorials
- [ZigZag Exchange](https://info.zigzag.exchange/) - A Decentralized Exchange Powered by zkSync
- [Argent Wallet](https://www.argent.xyz/) - Layer 2 Wallet built on zkSync
- [zkNFT](https://zknft.xyz) - Mint, explore, and swap NFTs on zkSync 
- [Gitcoin](https://gitcoin.co/) - Fund projects on Gitcoin with zkSync
- [Curve + zkSync](https://zksync.curve.fi/) - Curve is an exchange liquidity pool on Ethereum
- [Numio Wallet](https://www.numio.one/) - Layer 2 Wallet built on zkSync
- [zkSync Dashboard](https://dune.xyz/Marcov/zkSync) - zkSync Dashboard
- [Ramp](https://ramp.network/buy/) - Buy crypto directly to zkSync L2 Wallet (Avoid L1 bridging fees)
- [Storj](https://www.storj.io/) - Decentralized Cloud Storage, Storj use zkSync for host payments
- [OpenSky](https://open-sky.vercel.app/) - Tool for mint NFT with zkSync
- [Mute.io](https://mute.io/) - Mute makes cryptocurrency more accessible by providing an L2 based DeFi suite utilizing ZK-Rollup scalability



##

Want to buy me a coffee? zkSync wallet 0x64E25193092C0EAD1d83c6F85C558A282a24460c
